in St. Petersburg public attention
turned out to be attracted to the fate of the famous
disabled athlete thanks to
journalists learned about what
star of Leningrad
seventies basketball
human giant alexander sizonenko
lost the ability to move when
this organism with a very unusual
development needs a special medical
help and livelihood hero
sports the very least report Alexander
sizhenka
in this sector the January blackbird lives one of
tallest people in the world
with his court 40 a zinc meter tall
for example lakes market
Alexander Sizonenko can be come
here a few years stagnation three
deaths
but now unable to do and
of this
lately he has been bedridden
tallest soviet centerpiece
mid seventies basketball played
Negro Skartak and then moved to
Kuibyshev builder
next to him even sabonis seemed
shorty but after the end of sports
Alexander's career life has developed
not easy giant growth has become a burden and
the cause of many diseases this spring
trouble happened
the giant couldn't get up
overall process over the former
military occasion
participate still don't understand why so
happens
press officer
just an exhibition
All these years, Alexander lived on
disability pension occasionally
thank you for
participation in the show of strange people and
one day for shooting in a private nursery
movie brave little tailor package
assistance from the club and former partners
Sizonenko team did not receive
past what's in town government
who is who
In general, depends on the Soviet
all this is not serious
he has already left his debt which he remembered
in the midst of missing items
Someone will try the fate
real help came photo
journalist vladimir beketov
report about how after discharge from
hospitals rescuers raise sizonenko
stripe there is a facial room in
communal you have seen many Petersburgers
did not want to help put Iran
sums
Moscow November 12
the athlete's boutique came in and the current one
director of the club Spartak in which
Alexander played 35 years ago
Chistovoy then questions since bed
we finish probably pensioners themselves
vacuum cleaners such repair issues in
mentioned gift this question so he
I think that this issue is solved but it remains
the main problem these specialists
which will determine the cause of the disease and
prescribe the correct treatment and then in
rehabilitation center for the most
big man russia can
put on foot
Alexander Chizhenok Alexander Pleshkin
North Western bureau tv center st
Petersburg